hey everyone this is my guy to actually
play yes and just to let you know that
my voice does not really sound like this
it I can but it makes it sound retarded
and so how to add codes here because
this is very actually confusing if you
don't know how it took me a while to
figure it out just turn my DSI here then
you click all the closed automatically
radicals to that you can choose to
update it click up never do quick
updates it deletes everything off your
thing I guess it's useful if you have
bunch of stupid games you don't want and
then there's a software upgrade what you
do once you get I never do them again
but you can add your games I have animal
crossing wild world on here new super
mario bros pokemon diamond pokemon pearl
my mystery dungeon blue rescue team
pokemon rangers spectrobes and super
mario 64 yes now you can go here and it
will give you a list of games so when
you get your games you can drag the game
you want off here and then if it doesn't
have it you well I don't really know
what you're going to do you can do an
update i guess to see if you do an
update and then let's offer upgrade and
then it has it that once you do that you
drag your game you want down here I've
already done that and I got on my games
down there and you click on the little
plus button it will open it up then
we'll have Oscar will put one time in
here and it has all the code that it
regular has not plus more codes that you
can put on there yourself you probably
can't see but I got there I got best
cheats new folder and
folder how to create new folders you
right click like in there let me click
go down and right there choose add new
folder and it automatically creates a
new folder now on the folder click and
you say add new cheat and it will put
the cheat right there you go up here and
you type the name or cheat let's say I
be I have mining museum Pokemon get one
mine museum and you go to super cheats
com or whatever you get your codes i'll
accept cheats and you go to the game
place and whatever let's go there now
let's put camera da like and we'll go
there and most the time it down here the
football game right there come on
diamond i'll open it up action replay
codes right there it's relatively fast
website and see right here there's a
super good char sword and there's a big
long code you copy it up right click
copy do you highlighted it you just
paste it in there and you know you can
choose control and be at the same time
or you can do right-click paste but you
see the codes there and you'd say that
the super Charizard
then you choose okay their codes right
in there when you're done you take this
and you drag it back over here it will
already be there no that thing popping
up like that thing this game are in six
do you want over it you always choose
yes unless you really don't want to but
then your cold won't be on there so be
kind of retarded if you did this thanks
for a bit it depends how many codes you
have on there I've like zillions so it's
going to take a long time will end
quickly probably now but done and close
that up and then it says right here they
caught it also another thing it said
most the time don't do codes that are
stupid that say that don't say anything
that to say this is a good cold because
you never know what's going to have my
or something good boss the time it's
retarded this one says this charger is
made to look completely legit and it's
all so shiny it should work on PBR put
my batter or lotion that's good if you
like PBR by fit battling close that up
here you take good yes and you then you
can go home and then you unplug it okay
then take that and you get your game
right here going down then stick it in
there unless you have a different action
replay where you stick in the top
they're all my codes towards blurry
opposed to sort of setting on my camera
that I don't have on there right now cuz
us from my computer here's my folders
here's new folder and here it's super
Charizard
hook start there load up here and that
means it's going to work if you try and
add like a zillion cheats at once it
most of the time well this frees up at
this stuff but after you press start and
then you have to restart your game and
everything it's really annoying and play
the throw off I'm not pearl mostly see
here's oh come on just color book one
another and if you hold Ellen are at the
same time while you open them y'all go
set the camera ok now Pokemon and Ellen
are at the same time look right there oh
my gosh Charizard and summary you step
Coppola level 100 shiny from a thought
polka cha which really look good
actually oh no solid yet modest nature
all code 2014 is it's one big red line
there so this will not work on PBR you
like have actually relatively good stats
not in my opinion that the crap mood set
to have for chores or because Charles
are special seekers basically
flamethrowers good but I go for heat
wave dragon rest no dragon pulse would
be good not during dance because you
don't care about plus attack + speeds
fine but you can just batten fast
ancient power is horrible oh my phone's
ringing so better go through them here
quickly
that's all stuffy nose okay it's my
video goodbye